[pop music playing]
THE HOUSE OF FORTUNE
[orchestra playing]
[Igarashi] Contact H.Q.
Get the U.S. military
in the loop,
-and track them down.
-Yes, sir!
-[gasps]
-[whir]
A reconnaissance drone,
17 kilometers east.
[Jet] Is it the Guardians?
002, switch Dolphin III
to stealth mode.
[Jet] Roger that.
So I guess that little incident
back at the house
makes us fugitives for real,
doesn't it?
I guess maybe.
Where'd those missiles
come from?
Hmm. Well, if you ask me,
I'd say it must have been
some fellow who wanted
to sow the seeds of discord
between us and the Guardians.
The Blessed?
Yes, but that complicates things
for us a bit, now, doesn't it,
you know, being as we
can't cross swords
with the Guardians
and so forth.
The Blessed
can take the Guardians.
They're gonna be
way overmatched,
meaning we'll
have to do it ourselves.
Hold on!
We can't lump them all together.
Not every one of the Blessed
is someone we have to fight.
Come on. Didn't you just see
how overwhelming their power is?
Twice, actually.
And backing off's what you want?
But we still can't be sure that
they're a threat to humanity.
[Jet scoffs]
If there's a way to get through
this without going into battle,
then that's the path
we should follow.
True enough. I see your point.
But I also agree with Jet's view
that we should do something
before it's too late.
That strange piece of technology
Lucy brought us and Ivan,
you haven't forgotten them?
[Ivan, telepathically]
Yes, I believe they're mutants,
each with a different power.
[Joe] Are they
really the kind of people
who will never see
eye to eye with humans?
Ivan.
[Director] This is the data from
our analysis of Ivan Whisky.
What are your thoughts,
Professor?
[Professor]
So, he isn't a machine?
[Director] While he has
undergone cyborg surgery,
it appears he had those
abilities from the beginning,
meaning that he's either
one of us or possibly...
You believe him to have
powers superior to ours?
Yes. Moreover, thanks to Linker
having made contact with him,
we now have a better idea
of what it was
that Teacher sensed about Ivan.
[Professor] Sensed about him?
[Director] As strange
as these findings may seem,
it's apparent that Ivan Whisky
is possibly
the most powerful of us all.
[Professor] To think that
someone of such high caliber
would be consorting
with those cyborgs.
What a tragic waste.
I would relish the chance
to meet with him.
[knock on door]
Come in.
You wished to see us, Director?
[Director] The incident
in Texas was embarrassing,
beyond deplorable.
My apologies, sir.
Allowing the cyborgs
to abduct an upstanding citizen
right from under us is a total
disgrace to the Guardians.
-Yes, sir.
-Are you prepared
to take responsibility
for this?
I am, sir.
[Joe] Hey, guys.
Take a look at this.
[Heinrich] Wait a minute.
I recognize him.
He's a famous German composer.
Here's a Dutch physicist
and a Lebanese bureaucrat
and the CEO
of a major grocery concern.
Ai-yah! You mean I've got
a rival in that bunch?
Whatever the case,
it appears that all of them
wield a significant amount
of social clout.
In terms
of nationality and race,
they're all over the map.
Mm-hmm. It's possible
organizationally
they're not working together.
If so, then I think there's
a chance they might talk to us.
Which "they" are you
talking about?
I mean the Blessed.
[all gasp]
If they've secretly been
running the world up 'til now,
it's not as if their stewardship
has been all detrimental,
has it? Consider it.
I'm sure there must be
some of them opposed to war.
But still--
Lucy, what we want now
is for us to explore
how to resolve everything
without going into battle.
Well, sure, nothing would beat
ending this mess
in a peaceful manner,
but to be completely honest,
I doubt they'll talk to us.
Even so, I still believe
it is worth a try.
That brings me to this man.
[Dr. Gilmore]
Isn't that Rajiv Shyamalan,
the Miracle Monk?
[Chang] Whoa, he looks like he
could be a thousand years old!
He may be. If in fact
he's been using his powers
to save people all this time,
then I think that we
can get through to him.
If he's an elder,
then the influence he has
over the other Blessed
could be quite significant.
[groaning]
[Geronimo]
I'm going with you.
Geronimo.
I know my way around Minnesota.
You're gonna need me.
[Joe] Doctor,
do we have your approval?
Hmm.
Minnesota, huh?
Jet, can you
take us there via Chicago?
Chicago?
I have an old acquaintance
at the German consulate.
There's a chance
I might be able to get
some information out of him
on this German musician.
Right. Very well. Then I
shall look into this tycoon.
No need to remind you how mad
for gossip we Brits are.
Roger that.
[Dr. Gilmore] About that object
Lucy brought us,
the results
of my analysis suggest
it's an ultrahigh performance
insectoid micro-drone.
A micro-drone?
Even with our technology,
I can't replicate it.
The quality is stunning.
Could they
possibly plan to use it
as a bioweapon
to trigger a pandemic?
There's no question
we are going to be dealing
with a dangerous foe.
Be on your guard
when you interact with him.
Understood.
Joe, it's around here.
I just wonder, what kind
of power does Shyamalan have?
[man] I knew that you people
would come to pay me a visit.
[Joe and Françoise gasp]
[Geronimo] Hmm.
You've traveled a long way.
Won't you come inside?
Hmm.
[grunts]
[fire crackling]
Now, then, have a seat.
Françoise Arnoul, I presume?
And Joe Shimamura, am I right?
Yes, you are correct.
Did you hear about us
from the others?
I was not told, exactly.
When you have lived
as long as I have,
there's not much going on
that eludes you.
I have a question. Are you
and your kind really immortal?
Let's see.
On average,
I suppose our life span
is about 10 times
that of the average person.
However, life span aside,
even we can't survive
getting our heads chopped off.
Would that make you a different
life-form than humans?
No, we're human.
We are simply a mutation
that has lasted since long ago.
It would seem that we occur
in a ratio
of about one in 10 million.
That comes to 3,000 or so
in the world.
[Joe] And you all
have special powers?
That might well be true.
But since none of us
have identical powers,
one never knows
what that ability might be
until such point and time
that it's awakened.
Does that surprise you?
Whatever the case may be,
we have coexisted with humanity
since before recorded history.
After co-existing with them
for such a long time,
tell me, what are you
trying to do to humanity now?
Mm. A scant minority of my kind
are planning an uprising.
I believe they seek
to shatter the existing order
and create a new world.
[both gasp]
Now, that insectoid micro-drone,
what is it you're
planning to do with it?
What would you do if you knew?
We would stop it.
Stop what?
[Françoise]
What do you mean?
-All the fighting.
-We have come here in the hope
that you would tell us
how we can do that.
Ah.
[Joe] If anyone would know,
you would, right,
how to stop a new war
from breaking out?
Truthfully,
it would be the two of you
who hold the answer
to that question.
[both gasp]
I see that you have
not realized it yet.
You'll understand
once you give it a try.
But we...
What's wrong?
Isn't this why you are here?
Joe, I'll do it.
Françoise, wait!
I've analyzed
his heart rate and respiration.
It doesn't seem
like he's lying to us.
But still...
Even if something should occur,
Joe, I'll be all right
if you're here.
Won't I?
Now, then, come here.
[Françoise gasps]
What do you think?
This is a quiet,
wonderful place,
don't you agree?
Yes.
[sonar pinging]
[Lucy] It's totally dark.
There's absolutely
nothing out there!
Well, since there's
no convection current
like the sea has,
you're not gonna find
any oxygen on a lake bottom.
So nothing
can survive down here,
except maybe for some plankton
and you, right?
It's like that, yeah.
[console chiming]
The U.N. headquarters, eh?
Are you certain
we should answer?
We don't have
the option of ignoring it,
and, at some point,
we need to clear up
this misunderstanding.
[man] Hello, Dr. Gilmore.
Hmm.
I must assume you're aware
of the purpose of this call?
This is your only warning.
What did you say?
[diplomat] In regard to this guy
you asked me to look into,
unfortunately,
there doesn't seem to be
anything I can tell you
about him.
What's that supposed to mean?
What it means
is that there's information
which is beyond even our grasp,
reaching as high
as clearance level eight.
That's just great.
Nothing but bad vibes
about all of this.
So with what sort of rumors
are you going to regale me?
[man] You need to drop
this matter posthaste.
Oh, come now.
That sounds rather boring to me.
At any rate,
get out of Chicago.
That's all I have to say to you
at this time.
-[clank]
-[gasps]
Ahh. Bloody hell! They found me!
Uh-oh.
So they've got their claws
sunk in here, too.
You're wrong about that attack.
We have no reason to open fire
on the Guardians or the U.N.!
Listen to me. It was
the existence of the Blessed
that started all of this.
The Blessed?
What exactly is that?
They're the ones
that you should be fighting.
They're the real enemy
in all of this.
Those missiles,
they must have fired them
to create a rift
between us and the Guardians.
Our alliance
is a real threat to them.
Do you understand what
that level of treachery shows?
It means the Blessed
must be among you, too.
[sputters]
Why would they do that?
[caller] Pyotr?
Thank you very much,
all of you.
From here on in,
you are forbidden
to contact Dr. Gilmore
and his Zero-Zero cyborgs
under any circumstances.
Henceforth, they will be
regarded as a terrorist threat
with the capacity to act
on an international scale,
and they are
going to be arrested--
[man #2] Just a minute!
What about this "Blessed"
they spoke of?
Just an asinine farce
they dreamed up.
They hope to throw mankind
into chaos
by fabricating a nonexistent
enemy for us to pursue.
[man #3] Yes, but--
Kindly direct your attention
to this.
Both the men who were
so brutally murdered
were innocent civilians,
not only that,
but intellectuals
trusted by those around them.
I'm afraid this
is only the beginning.
If we stand idly by,
it won't be long
before these fugitives
become a threat to humanity.
We will stop them at any cost
before that situation
comes to pass.
[men grumble]
[rotors thrumming]
[Catalina] Captain,
we traced their transmission,
and it seems to be coming
from Lake Superior.
From there,
some headed to Chicago,
others to the mountains
of Minnesota,
meaning they've split
into three units.
What is the source
of that intelligence?
It was a transmission
from Director Pyotr.
Hmm.
Very well.
Then change our course.
Yes, sir.
[birds chirping]
Hmm.
Françoise.
There's no need to worry.
She's searching for an answer
more deeply within herself
than she's ever gone.
I see.
So that is the answer.
I've got it, Joe.
I think that I
was able to find it,
a way for us to avoid fighting.
Which is good,
since I can no longer fight.
[crackling]
Hey, that sound!
What's that noise all about?
It would appear
someone's detected
the sensor I sent up
to the surface.
The Guardians?
Probably, yeah.
You think they're planning
to launch an attack?
Not yet. They're most likely
going to try to determine
our exact location first.
Well, then, I guess it's
about time for me to step up.
[Chang] Pyunma!
We're counting on you!
[Dr. Gilmore]
Have a care, 008.
Leave it to me.
[thinking] All right,
how far have they gone by now?
Wait. Is that them?
[Guardian] Captain!
Our underwater unit
has detected
something near the bottom!
Is it the Dolphin?
Unknown at this time, sir,
but it's circling around
at high speed.
Tell them
they are to stay on it.
Roger that, sir.
They're circling?
I'm gonna try to draw them
as far away from you
as possible.
[Chang]
Counting on you!
I've got this.
Come on. Follow me.
Wait a second.
What do you mean?
Just that. I'm not
physically able to fight now.
Why? What's the matter?
[Rajiv] It would appear
that she has found her answer.
Now, Joe,
what do you plan to do?
[Françoise]
Please, Joe, come over here.
[gasps]
[sighs]
[groans]
[Françoise]
Easy. It's all right.
[Joe panting]
What just happened?
You'll be fine.
Now, why not have some tea?
Go on.
[gasps]
It's hot.
What the...
What is happening to me?
[ballad playing]
[singing in Japanese]